I'm passionate about entertainment, specifically film and music, and investing. Tech is disrupting entertainment and creating different channels for distribution and consumption. Music and film have been a big part of my life . I would love to invest in disruptive, entertainment focused tech companies.

My passion for technology helps me strive to make tasks easier for myself and others. I would like to streamline processes by advancing my skills in coding, creating new apps and enhance disability features in these apps and websites. I want to create features that integrate voiceover, Siri and other descriptive features. I believe there has to be some way to have descriptive audio for movies automated similar to adding a close caption track.

I'm interested in what technology can do for me. I have a passion for photography but going blind puts limits on my abilities. Technology us made it so I don't have to have the perfect eye.

My top three interests within technology are: Database Administrator because it allows to manage a company or corporation’s data. Telecommunications: This type of technology makes information transmission easier linking people around the world. Finally, I am passionate about computing because it has become imperative in the working domain everywhere.

"I'm passionate about making the life of others easier through Technology. I love how you can make something amazing from scratch with very little tools, an idea, and a small device"

Anything related to disability




I'm very interested in accessibility/mobility technology. I'd like to be involved in a marketing, product management or business development role.

business politics writing

Social Media, Customer Success, Email Marketing

1) Social media Marketing 2) Business planning 3) Analytics or data related skills

1) Holography 2) Virtual Reality 3) Mixed Reality 10+ years. IMMY (Immersive Technology) Award Winner. Ideation, Systems Integration, Negotiation, Online Resources, Education Programs, 3D Visualization, Immersive Simulation Based Learning, and Social Media Marketing

1. Film & TV Production 2. Commercial Production 3. Marketing Strategy and Business Mentorship

How to best sale yourself. I know i pretty direct, I am hear to help move the needle.

Digital Marketing Strategy Social Media Marketing Mobile Marketing

My three areas of expertise are: 1) Virtualization / Cloud Computing / Microservices 2) GTM Strategy / Technical Sales 3) Leadership / Mentorship

Anything related to disability

1) Marketing & Branding 2) Product Management 3) Hardware




Software developer, artificial intelligence and data science

I've always been passionate about studying the universe and space travel. I'm a fan of star trek, and I hope that society can reach such fantastic heights as in the show. Technology is the only way to achieve that . I'm interested in artificial intelligence, computational science, and robotics. I would love to make a contribution in at least one of those areas some day.

Assistive technologies such as screen reader software, hardware equipment which assists persons with disabilities, artificial intelligence including automation technologies and neural networks which can enhance text to speech software, navigation aids etc. and big data.

Front and Full-Stack Development especially in SPA(Single Paged Application) wither MEAN or MERN stack.

IT Helpdesk Technician iOS Developer Data Science

"Going into college, I did not intend to study Computer Science. Thus, technology allows me to experience how it is to discover and be passionate about a new area. It assists me in broadening my horizons and to approach problems from both a structured and analytical perspective as well as giving room to be creative when looking at real-life issues. Software engineering, is probably most closely related to my current courses. I want to learn more about cybersecurity and data science, but as of now my experience in these areas is limited. "

artifitial intelligence, scientific data, and design.

I am studying statistics at NYU and majored in economics and minored in art at Smith College. I'm very interested in data science and predictive analysis. In addition, because of my background in arts, I'm also interested in UX research.

Web design, application development, computer programming.

Accessibility, web development. Technology is something I use everyday.

Automotive Supply chain Business Analysis Data For Decisions

Networking protocols TCP/IP Programming

Data Science Robotics Artificial Intelligence

Computer hardware at scale- data centers, HPC, etc. Network infrastructure and concepts Basic programming




I'm very interested in accessibility/mobility technology. I'd like to be involved in a marketing, product management or business development role.

I am interested in virtual reality and game development, particularly in building environments. I have been working on small projects within the Unity and Unreal Engine, having taught myself how to create 3D environments and assets.

Information Security Software Programming System Administration

business politics writing

Product Management Marketing (everything digital) People & Community Management Web development Graphic Design

Design Product Management Data Science

Web design, application development, computer programming.

- iOS Development. - Inclusive user experiences. - General Software Development.

Accessibility, web development. Technology is something I use everyday.

Program Management Project Management Business Development/Marketing

graphic design, web design, owning a design business (freelance & small virtual studio). Portfolio box above was not working for me - here is a link: http: //paonecreative.com/

* Feature Ideation and Development * Product Analytics * Project Management

Cybersecurity, Project Management and Product Manaement

Networking protocols TCP/IP Programming

Project Management Process Improvement Business Development

Functional programming, compilers, programming language design Distributed systems / cloud computing Open source

Fields of expertise: - Performance and scalability - Telemetry and diagnostics - Systems development I'm happy to guide a mentee on both technical aspects as well as sharing my experiences on how to navigate a software job.




Front End Development - I like the tangibility of front end. You get the satisfaction of feeling like you built something. User Experience - I like the idea of solving the user's problems & giving them value. I see that as the ultimate goal of software. Design - good design is required for good user experience.

user experience design artificial intelligence research

Utilizing technology in product design. Utilizing technology to communicate ideas. Utilizing technology gain knowledge.

I'd like to give them the user perspective and big picture so they are not designing in a vacuum

1. Evaluative research to inform design 2. Generative research to inform design 3. Helath-specific technologies




